I took Yermo on an adventure here in las
vegas if you watch our show
you know that we like to mess with my
aunt chippy who lives here so on Monday
for April Fool's we put a car in her
living room it's still there by the way
the car is still in the living room
which is great but there was more work
to be done while we were here there's a
zipline over at the link which is right
across the street from Caesar's Palace
which is right down the block the zip
line is it's 12 stories high and I'm
opening a comedy club right under it
next month it's called Jimmy Kimmel's
comedy club and so I I cooked up a very
convoluted scheme to trick my aunt into
getting on the zip line
my cousin Sal and I told her we were
gonna see the comedy club from the
inside and from above and to make it
even better cousin Sal unbeknownst to me
told Guillermo who was very afraid of
heights
he said we weren't really getting on the
zipline only and chippies getting on it
and then when Guillermo got to the top
you found out what I say oh yeah right
so in a way this prank was a two-for-one
and here we go this is me and some very
unhappy companions in Las Vegas at the
link so this is the link as you know and
they got the Brooklyn ball and they've
got all sorts of great stores and
whatnot but most significantly they have
this that's right Jimmy Kimmel's comedy
club that's me and it's coming soon it
is so it's not finished but I thought
maybe you want to take a look inside
let's take a look inside
so this over here is the stage thank you
guys keep working at your regular speed
there's a great spot where you can see
in to the comedy club from the outside
we're gonna oh I'll show you guys okay
[Music]
so you see watch the basketball games
over here before we get to the
observation area just got a look on your
face that just told me I should run like
a son of a chatting hi guys we're
just here observation deck come on the
tours right this way okay
Jimmy I'm going to tell you something
yes if I wet myself or I crap in my
pants that would be great actually for
the Charlie alright guys welcome to the
launch deck right this way don't worry
won't be down soon enough look at this
beautiful view we have all right should
we put on safety equipment before we do
this yeah yes we should safety equipment
on all of you okay great yeah
safety equipment they don't have safety
equipment on everybody's equipment we're
up pretty high
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait me
know that something Bad's gonna happen
oh I love you but I hate that laughs
it's gonna be okay not nice these people
look exactly look at this guy would he
be up to any shenanigans I don't like
this whole thing that's gonna be fun
does that mean it's gonna be fun if I'm
my head as fun as when I'm laughing not
when you're laughing
yeah pray now you've lived in Vegas for
how long and shipping 43 years 43 years
you've been here suspended in midair the
answer the question yeah he he's talking
to you I never been suspended in midair
no Jimmy I was always very careful you
son of a
you have other ends why don't you pick
on the Lotus Boyer's yeah I'll tell you
why why don't the three of you guys go
like you know like well employed problem
is the elevators only go off wouldn't
mean these are up elevators this is the
only way down
[Music]
all right we'll just follow this
gentleman all right there you go
all right guys bye good luck oh you're
coming to be right here I've never died
I'll say right over here my legs just
fall off we're in trouble
how you feeling careful no this is
terrible I think was gonna be only on
chippy who's only that cousin Sal told
me he did with you this is a dumb idea
can I quit the show hey Jimmy I don't
want to do this powder you doing it come
on here Jimmy's doing it you got to do
it Jimmy he's unbuckling something
looking Guillermo over there he's fine
he's not nervous at all look at Sal he's
fine
shut up no one's happy I don't
understand this where's a comedy club I
can't it's just down this path okay all
right we're ready
[Music]
[Applause]
we have to go back up we're now going
backwards
no backwards what lesson did we learn
here we learned never trust Jimmy and
South together well there we go finally
we've learned a lesson
[Music]
you know we have fun hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
I hope you enjoyed that video hit
subscribe and all your dreams will come
true assuming your dreams are to watch
more YouTube videos